In this lesson we are going to fix two issues.
First we'll do a little fix on question excerpt in the
all questions page because at this time we've
taken the excerpt from the original question
body which is in Mardown format.
So let me randomly edit a question
and here I'll do a simple test
I'll make the first word in this question body to bold
in markdown to indicate the text in bold is to
wrap it in double asterisks like this.
I'll save the change.
and you see is still in origin on markdown format.
So that's the first issue.
Then we will also do a little fix in Show question page regarding to a security issue.
So let me create a new question.
The title let's say "how to clean our html content from malicious code and reducing cross site scripting attack".
And the question body I'll take from the question title and here.
I'll write javascript code to show alert.
this just a simple example
in practice everything in said script tag
can be contain harmful script.
I'll hit ask questions button
and now if I see my last question
I'll get javascript
alert pop up and that's the second issue.
Our application is still vulnerable from cross site
script or xss attack. And we need a way to clean
or sanitize the question body from the malicious code.
All right before we moving on as always
let's isolate our new work in new branch.
Now we are in new branch and we can start fixing the first issue.
To fix the issue what we need to do is convert the
markdown format to plaintext and after that we
can then limit the text.
But I don't find any library that can do the trick.
After doing some research and
experiment finally I find a simple trick.
So let's see how they do that.
Let's open questions
index.blade.php
and here in str_limit helper function call let's change
the question body to question body underscore html
remember the body html
It's an accessor which covert the markdown
format to html. And now we cannot use blade
escaping statement like this because
we'll have the question excerpt rendered as html
So a simple solution is to change this to
blade non escaping statesman like so
and now we see the question excerpt back to normal.
But here we'll face other issues as you can see
here we have alert show up.
Now let me change the limit number so that you can see another issue.
As you can see now our page is broken.
If we see the source
here we have incomplete html tag
that's why the page was broken.
So to fix this we can wrap this question body html
in php strip_tags function. This function will strip
html and php tags format string and return
a pure string no html or php tags at all.
And now it's no problem using blade escaping
statement or non escaping statement
because as I said the question excerpt now in pure string
and to make it more semantic we can wrap it in
a container.
It could be a paragraph or a div tag
here
the class is not necessary
and I won't  make any styling for this at least for now.
But I think this much better instead of a div
without any attribute because it make or tag descriptive
readable and make it easier to maintenance.
So now we have displayed the
question excerpt properly and safely.
But I think this line is a bit complex
now. It's better to keep our view as simple as possible.
So instead str_limit strip_tags blah blah blah
here let's cut this code
and say question excerpt
now let's open question model
and then create a new accessor
so public function get excerpt attribute
paste the code inside here and add return in the front.
Don't forget to change the question to this.
Now
here we cannot call body html because we are inside the model.
Maybe
we can copy this code
and then paste here but don't do that because it's not follow the DRY principle. Instead let's call this
body html. And then
hear let's defend that method.
The method will only be called inside the model
And I think it will not called outside so using
private or protected modifier is much better.
And here let's cut this line
and paste here.
And now here
we simply call return this body html
Let's save all changes
and make sure that everything is still working fine.
OK
It's all working fine.
Now if you need the excerpt to be able to be changeable
without need to change the length inside the model
then you can simply cut this line and call return this excerpt
and then specify the default length
and now define the except method.
This should be public because
we'll call inside and outside the model
specify an argument length
in this case.
inside here just paste the previous code
and change the number to length.
So when we code question excerpt like this the
length of the excerpt will be 250 but just in case you
want to adjust to any number let's say 350
then you can say question excerpt
and now you'll see the question excerpt a bit longer.
OK
I think the  first issue has been fixed. Next let's fix
the second issue.
so